Feat: Ability to cancel postponed toggling (#171)
borisbu/OctoRelay: CHANGELOG.md

## Version 3

### 3.7.0

> - Introducing the ability to cancel the upcoming automation.

Author: ```suggestion
- Introducing the ability to cancel the upcoming automated switch.
```

>   - In the case of a configured relay switching delay, the corresponding

Author: ```suggestion
  - In case of a configured relay switching delay, the corresponding
```
